Q1. From the Manovich reading, give 2 examples of interface or interactions with a piece of technology that has a performative action or theatrical behavior. This is in context with the ideas credited to Brenda Laurel that Lev mentions in the article. This should be something BESIDES A PHONE. Explain why these are good examples.
	With something like an IMAC or even just any kind of computer or laptop will all have a performative behavior. When the sound on your computer is up you get enough interaction in there alone. For every notification; mail, texts, news, reminders - a sound will be played with a distinctive pitch and length to make it recognizable on a split second so the user knows where the new information is coming from.
	At the end of the article it is talking about the LG chocolate. Even something as simple as the little animation, vibration, and the final display of the LG logo when you turn the phone on, is a performative behavior. They coded the phone to do these things to create an immersive experience for the user. The phone is saying hello everytime you turn it on. 
 
Q2. Also From the Manovich reading, he uses the term Gesamtkunstwerk. What does this term mean and how is using it to refer to the aestheticization of information tools?
	The term Gesamtkunstwerk means the “total work of art” and when dealing with the aestheticization of information tools this is something that is in everything now a days. Before they talk about how they tried to make the interface invisible for the user to make it the smoothest it possibly could be to gain information. With the new sense of what interface should look like you not only are taking the “invisible” interface out of the dark and showing it to people but also create another category of the art piece as a whole. For example with the phone, you not only have what the phone looks like; the materials it is made out of, the size, the color. But now you also have this interface that also has to look good with the rest of the phone. I think of it as “insides” and “outsides”.
Q3. From the RadioLab Podcast, the guest podcast artist is sharing his radio show called 99% invisible. The first piece is about sound design. What would you describe the role of the sound designer and how does it relate to this idea of theatre and performance?
	The role of the sound designer is, not only, making sounds for phones for things like ringtones and vibration patterns but also creating sounds to be heard in movies and theatre. The part where they are talking about how this kind of thing is a “beautiful lie” because it is taking sounds from other objects and mixes them to make the sound effects on your phone. The sound designer has to create sounds that people can recognize with no image or context for movies as well as mixing certain sounds that we hear all the time and create the bings and noise that come out of your phone. I think the part that they are saying how difficult it is to use your phone without the sounds or the letter popping up when you press it or even being on phone and be put on hold without the music really cements the last sentence.
Q4. From the Skeuomorphism vs. Flat Design article, what are the philosophical and visual differences between Skeuomorphism vs. Flat Design and how might this also relate to this idea of theatre and gamification described in the Lev Article?
	Well the difference between Skeuomorphism and Flat Design is pretty clear. Skeuomorphism uses certain material and modifies it to look like and remind people of something else; usually something they are familiar with. With Flat Design you are making something sleek and an easy way to access your information. Flat Design in all about spacing and how things should be laid out in the most efficient way possible.
	When it comes to something like gamification, both of these will be used to create different styles of games. A game that uses Skeuomorphism would be like Minecraft. The whole world is made out of the same size blocks, yet the textures of sand, dirt and wood, as well as the sounds to go along with it make it possible to know what you are doing. Flat Design is obviously more credited to games like SuperMario or MegaMan. 8 bit games that don’t live in a 3D world.

